BEEZ TIPS
---------

Level 1
There are 2 exits in this level. The second one (you can see it if you press CTRL
during the game) is located at up in the right corner of the level.

Level 2
The obstacle at the end of the level must be destroyed using grenades. There
is also a way to go around, or actually under it. There is a small muddy waterfall
near the beginnig of the level. You can walt through the wall at the top of the 
waterfall on the right. You can find many bonuses there and another wall that
you can walk through. At the top left corner of the level there is a place
with some useful bonuses as well.

Level 3
All closed doors can be destroyed using missiles or grenades.
Watch out for the mean fly with a lasergun at the top floors of the
nest. It's hidding one of the eggs you must save.
You can control the other beez using your "body language". 

Level 5
After the long shaft with moving spike walls there is a big open place.
At the down right corner there is a wall that you can walk through.
From the cave behind the wall you can find even another wall
that you can walk/fly through.

Level 6
Easiest way to clear this level, is to fly as top as you can get. Get rid 
of the grenade dropping dragon flies and it get's much more safe to clear
the rest of the level.

Quite near the missile shooting dragon flies, there is an open space with moving 
spike floors. At the left up corner of the place you can find an invisible 
special bonus: You'll either get another bee to help you, or you'll be able to
mask your self as a mosquito. The other mosquitos won't shoot you if you look
like one of them!

There are lot's of secret bonuses in the game and it's up to you to find the rest :)

BEEZ CHEATS   
-----------
start the game by typing a command:

beez -longlivethequeen

You can now use the following buttons during the game:

E	More energy (If you die this will bring you back to life)
U	Upgrade you gun
F	Fly-o-meter full
G	More grenades
M	More missiles
END	Level cleared
R	Start the level again (you won't loose a life)

Some funny not so usefull cheats

5	Change the player's bee to some of the enemy (if you're a spike floor you 
	can kill enemys by touching them).

1	Focus camera to player
2	Focus camera to next bug
3	Focus camera to previous bug
		
